{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
Team 42
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b \ul \
Project Goal
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Our goal for the Samsung XR Hackathon was to create a game similar to Snake but instead of an open environment, added obstacles. We used Unity and C# to create our project. \
\

\b \ul Liked
\b0 \ulnone \
\
We really enjoyed using Unity. It was our first time creating a game and the interface was very simple. Combined with Samsung\'92s AR technology, we were able to create a prototype that with a little bit of additional work, will be a fun game that anyone and everyone can enjoy.\
\

\b \ul Learned
\b0 \ulnone \
\
We learned about Samsung\'92s new AR prototype headset and found it very easy to use. It was very easy to calibrate the camera and have our project appear right before our eyes.\
\

\b \ul Struggles
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Something that we found difficult was connecting the Samsung Gear controller to our Samsung phone. We also had issues with the SXR library; the trackpad was not coded correctly for our needs, more specifically, the swipe feature did not work.\
\
Overall, we would like to express our gratitude to Samsung for giving us this opportunity to learn more about AR and their hardware. We had a great time and hope that Samsung offers another hackathon in the future.}